My soundscape narrative so far follows a girl as she finds her way through a busy airport. Throughout the whole plot, there is sounds of music and talking playing softly in the background.  She first gets out of the cab that took her to the airport and you can hear cars driving by in the distance. Then, she goes up to the desk to check in her luggage and get her plane ticket for the flight. I plan to add sound effects in during this part as well as a recording of the interactions between the girl and person checking her in. After this, she walks over to the security line and patiently waits for all of her belongings to be checked. I also plan on adding different sound effects here as well. The only voice recording for this will be the security guard checking the authenticity of her photo ID. Following this, she walks through the metal detector and stops to grab a quick bite from a nearby airport-restaurant. I plan for her to have a lot of interaction with the waiter, at this point in the scene, but I have not recorded the parts for this yet. After she sits at the restaurant and has her meal, she uses the bathroom. This is where I will add in my own recordings of the toilet flushing and sink water running. The soundscape narrative will end with her boarding the plane, with a loud noise of an air conditioner added in, and then finally the take off. Ideally, I would also like to have voices playing over an intercom saying which flights are boarding, calling people\'92s names, etc; the kind of noise one would find in an airport. While we are only limited to 4 minutes for this project and none of this would possibly happen in that amount of time, the sounds all happen very rapidly. Despite this, they sound normal because the scenes transition well and connect together. If these events had a video for everything with the sound, it would be in a time-lapse to shorten the many events into a short amount of time.
